ci: add annotation for errors during yarn install (#2926)
AmadeusITGroup/otter: tools/github-actions/yarn-errors-reporter/readme.md

# Yarn errors reporter action

## Overview
Add an annotation in case of errors found during yarn install.

> [!NOTE]

> > If the repository is checkout with a fetch-depth greater than 1 and the pull request didn't 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If the repository is checked out with a fetch-depth greater than 1 and the pull request didn't 
```

> affect the `yarn.lock` file, the action will not add the annotation.
> You can force the report by passing `onlyReportsIfAffected` options to `false`.

## Usage example
```yaml
- name: Report yarn install errors

>   uses: AmadeusITGroup/otter/tools/github-actions/yarn-errors-reporter@8

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  uses: AmadeusITGroup/otter/tools/github-actions/yarn-errors-reporter@12.1
```
It can be an indicator of the starting version in which it is available.

  with:
    reportOnFile: yarn.lock

>     errorCodesToReport: YN0002,YN0059,YN0060

Reviewer: A link to the yarn error codes would be useful here.
